[expo-type-information] update docs (#48322)
expo/expo: docs/pages/modules/type-generation-tutorial.mdx

Now let's take a look at the files generated for `FirstInlineView.swift`

```tsx app/FirstInlineView.generated.ts
// Automatically generated with expo-type-information.
import { ViewProps } from 'react-native';

import { NativeModule, SharedObject } from 'expo';

export interface ExpoWebViewProps extends ViewProps {
  url: string;
  onLoad?: (event: any) => void;
}

export declare class FirstInlineViewNativeModuleType extends NativeModule {}
```

> Looking at the "generated" file, we can see that an `ExpoWebViewProps` interface has been generated, it has the props and events from `FirstInlineView`. The Swift `URL` type of the `url` prop correctly maps to `string` in TypeScript.

Reviewer: ✏️ **style** `prose.md#sentence-construction`

"has been generated, it has the props and events" is a comma splice.

```suggestion
Looking at the "generated" file, we can see that an `ExpoWebViewProps` interface has been generated with the props and events from `FirstInlineView`. The Swift `URL` type of the `url` prop correctly maps to `string` in TypeScript.
```

<!-- docs-review -->

> Types that the tool cannot map or find a definition for are different. When a type is not one of the known convertible types and is not defined in the provided files (or the tool failed to parse its definition), the tool generates an `export type SomeType = unknown;` alias for it.

Reviewer: ✏️ **style** `prose.md#sentence-construction`

"are different" leaves the comparison unstated, and the sentence explaining it runs to 38 words.

```suggestion
The tool handles types it cannot resolve differently. For a type that is neither a convertible type nor defined in the provided files, it generates an `export type SomeType = unknown;` alias. It does the same when it fails to parse a definition.
```

<!-- docs-review -->

Now let's look at what was generated.

```tsx expo-settings/src/ExpoSettings.types.ts
// File hash: 095ea2ca2196362ac7b298141867d5700ff170c7b554faa87788a1247e02b2b8
// Automatically generated with expo-type-information.
export enum Theme {
  light = 'light',
  dark = 'dark',
  system = 'system',
}

// These events may have payloads that weren't resolved!
export type ExpoSettingsEvents = {
  onChangeTheme: (payload: Record<string, any>) => void;
};
```

> The `*.types.ts` file contains the definitions of all types defined in the module. In our case we've declared a `Theme` enum which has correctly been put in the file, together with an `ExpoSettingsEvents` type describing the module's events. Note that the tool doesn't resolve the payload types of events, so the payload is typed as a generic object.

Reviewer: ✏️ **style** `prose.md#voice-and-tone`

"has correctly been put in the file" is passive and leaves the actor out. Say what the tool emitted.

```suggestion
The `*.types.ts` file contains the definitions of all types defined in the module. In our case we declared a `Theme` enum, and the tool emitted it here along with an `ExpoSettingsEvents` type for the module's events. Note that the tool doesn't resolve event payload types, so the payload is typed as a generic object.
```

<!-- docs-review -->
